docs: 📝 add to guide that log files are created with the targets pipeline (#303)
dp-next/registers2parquet: vignettes/fastreg.qmd

but that can be adjusted in the pipeline in the `_targets.R` file to not
consume too many cores on a shared server.

To create the pipeline file, you can use the `use_template()`

> function.`use_template()` creates two files: a `_targets.R` pipeline and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function, which creates two files: a `_targets.R` pipeline and
```

a `conversion-log.qmd` Quarto document. By default, when running the
pipeline, the conversion log is written to PDF, named

> `conversion-log-<timestamp>.pdf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a `conversion-log.qmd` Quarto document. When running the
pipeline, the conversion log is written to a PDF, named
`conversion-log-<timestamp>.pdf`, by default.
```
